Add default columns where necessary (#744)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/30 xk6-browser/01 xk6-browser/01 Browser/newcontext--options--.md

<!-- vale off -->

| Option                              | Type    | Default         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|-------------------------------------|---------|-----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| bypassCSP                           | boolean | `false`         | Whether to bypass a page's Content-Security-Policy.                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | colorScheme                         | string  | `light`         | Whether to display a page in dark or light mode by emulating the 'prefers-colors-scheme' media feature. It can be one of `'light'`, `'dark'`, `'no-preference'`.                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| colorScheme                         | string  | `'light'`         | Whether to display a page in dark or light mode by emulating the 'prefers-colors-scheme' media feature. It can be one of `'light'`, `'dark'`, `'no-preference'`.                                                                                  |
```

Same for other options where `colorScheme` is used, and for any other string values.

| ignoreHTTPSErrors                   | boolean | `false`         | Whether to ignore HTTPS errors that may be caused by invalid certificates.                                                                                                                                                                        |
| isMobile                            | boolean | `false`         | Whether to simulate a mobile device.                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| javaScriptEnabled                   | boolean | `true`          | Whether to activate JavaScript support for the context.                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | locale                              | string  | system          | Specifies the user's locale, such as `en-US`, `tr-TR`, etc.                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: I missed this in previous PRs, but we should quote string values, even if they're rendered as code.
```suggestion
| locale                              | string  | system          | Specifies the user's locale, such as `'en-US'`, `'tr-TR'`, etc.                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

| offline                             | boolean | `false`         | Whether to emulate an offline network.                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| permissions                         | Array   | `null`          | Permissions to grant for the context's pages. See [browserContext.grantPermissions()](/javascript-api/xk6-browser/browsercontext#browsercontext-grantpermissions-permissions-options) for the options.                                            |

> | reducedMotion                       | string  | `no-preference` | Minimizes the amount of motion by emulating the 'prefers-reduced-motion' media feature. It can be one of `'reduce'` and `'no-preference'`. See [page.emulateMedia()](/javascript-api/xk6-browser/page#page-emulatemedia-options) for the options. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| reducedMotion                       | string  | `'no-preference'` | Minimizes the amount of motion by emulating the 'prefers-reduced-motion' media feature. It can be one of `'reduce'` and `'no-preference'`. See [page.emulateMedia()](/javascript-api/xk6-browser/page#page-emulatemedia-options) for the options. |
```

Same for other instances.

| screen                              | object  | `null`          | Sets a window screen size for all pages in the context. It can only be used when the viewport is set. See: [screen](#screen-options) for the options.                                                                                             |
| timezoneID                          | string  | system          | Changes the context's timezone. See [ICU's metaZones.txt](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/icu/source/data/misc/metaZones.txt?rcl=faee8bc70570192d82d2978a71e2a615788597d1) for a list of supported timezone IDs.                 |
| userAgent                           | string  | browser         | Specifies the user agent to use in the context.                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | viewport                            | object  | `1280x720`      | Sets a viewport size for all pages in the context. `null` disables the default viewport. See: [viewport](#viewport-options) for the options.                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: To be precise:

```suggestion
| viewport                            | object  | `{width: 1280, height: 720}`      | Sets a viewport size for all pages in the context. `null` disables the default viewport. See: [viewport](#viewport-options) for the options.                                                                                                      |
```

Otherwise `1280x720` might confuse someone that a string is acceptable (which wouldn't be a bad feature to have).

Same for other instances.

Author: I've committed the change in `0438d60d0bf3c3342426fc760c771c330524b022` as i couldn't commit this suggestion after the other commits 🤷
